#Cinekid Unfold

Cinekid Unfold is about playfulness. It is, in a way, a curated playground, that contains a wealth of information. Amidst the sheer excitement hanging in the air and impatient happy kids waiting for their turns to try out new interactive artworks, we set out to document the Cinekid Festival. The aim was to create a space where you can discover information and connections between the artworks displayed at Cinekid, unfolding the playground of technologies and data.

The result is this online platform, inspired by the offline festival “Cinekid for Professionals”, which was held at Westergasfabriek, Amsterdam from 14 October to 20 October 2016. Our goal is to digitalise the essential concept behind the artworks presented at the festival and the feedback that we received from kids and professionals alike. We, the PublishingLab team, captured the festival, collecting images, making videos and interviewing artists who presented their artworks at the Cinekid Medialab. 

We studied the interaction between the artworks and the people, the possibilities of various technologies we aim to dive in, and the future of all things digital, which affect our daily lives. We were inspired by the artworks displayed at the Cinekid Medialab, and came up with the idea to design a few webpages in the form of games, which interact with the user. Some of the games are inspired by a separate artwork and all of them are developed in order to provide information in the most playful manner.